Former founder of the mall Liu Dongqiang
Chen Fang, what's wrong with you?
That person just now was not simple.
The future is sure to achieve great things
See what you have.
People can't look good
The seawater is immeasurable, so good
After 20 years, I became his slave
When the Tokyo mall is listed
trillion market cap
100 billion net worth
Turn life into cloud
Happiness and longevity are only
Happy to think about it
Oh god
That Liu Yaoyang
Why Zhang Haiyi over and over again
A thief's heart never dies
It seems that he has to give him some color to see
Hello Manager Liu
Get me 2 billion
I want to short Liu's Group
By the way, help me put the word out.
Just say Liu Yaoyang, the son of the Liu Group
investment failure
default
You rubbish
How dare you embezzle company money?
Go out and invest
If I hadn't seen it in the newspaper
I'm still in the service
Dad?
It's all charges, that bastard used it for me behind my back
put
I can't swallow this breath
Damn all this stuff
If you are wrong, admit it.
Reflect on being beaten
Kneel down for me
kneel down
You give me a good kneel on these three lines of opposite feet
Ugly Eight
I fuck you